Hello, and welcome to part three,
making the predictions and visualizing the results.
So we're getting closer and closer to the very exciting step
where we will visualize our predictions compared
to the real Google stock price,
of the first financial month of 2017.
I can't wait to reach that, but before we have to complete
three steps of this part three.
First, we're gonna get the real Google stock price of 2017.
Then second step, we're gonna get
the predicted Google stock price of 2017.
And then third and last step, the final step,
we will visualize the results.
All right, and in today's tutorial, we're gonna get
simply the real Google stock price of January 2017.
And to do this well, it's actually quite simple.
We will get it from the test set that we have,
in the CSV file, Google stock price test CSV,
and therefore we will just do exactly the same
as what we did for the training set.
We're gonna first create a data frame
by importing the Google stock price test CSV file
with the read underscore CSV function, by pandas
and then we will select the right column,
then open google stock price
and make it a NumPy array with this line of code,
by of course replacing training set by to test set.
Alright so let's do this, and to be more efficient doing it
I'm going to copy these two lines of code
and I'm going to paste them right here.
And there we go.
Now let's make the proper adjustments.
So I'm gonna replace here data set train by data set test.
And then of course with the read underscore CSV
function by pandas.
We're not gonna import Google stock price train,
but we will stock price test, that CSV
and here of course we need to replace data set train
by data set test.
All right and then this training set
we need to replace with another name, of course,
corresponding to the test set.
So either we could replace it with test set,
or to highlight the fact that this test set is gonna be
the real values of the Google stock price
in the first month of January 2017.
Well, let's specify this by renaming this
real underscore stuck underscore price.
Alright, so not only this highlights the fact that
it's the real Google stock price of 2017,
but also, later on actually in this second part here,
we will get the predicted Google stock price
of January 2017.
And we will store these predictions in a variable that
we will call predicted stock price.
Therefore, we'll get the real Google stock price in this
variable real stock price
and the predicted Google stock price
and another variable predicted stock price.
Alright, so this will be very clear
and therefore in the last step when we visualize
the results, well, we will use one PLT plot
for the real stock price variable and one of the PLT plot
for the printed stock price,
so that the code will be 100% super clear.
Alright, so now I just got my real stock price.
So I'm going to select these two lines and execute.
All right, we have the real Google stock price
of January 2017.
Let's have a quick look at it in variable Explorer.
There it is, real stock price, and it contains of course,
20 observations, that is 20 stock prices,
because these are financial days,
and there are 20 financial days in one month.
Because we exclude the Saturdays and Sundays.
So let's have a quick look at it.
These are the Google stock prices of January 2017,
if you want, we can even look at them again
in the Google spreadsheet for the Google stock price test.
There it is, actually here it is.
That's the Google stock price for January 2017,
you can see from beginning of January,
which I remind is January 3, up to January 31,
which is here, alright, so we can see an upward trend,
a big spike here, and then maybe a following downward trend.
So what we would like to get, by the way,
let's try to already set our expectations.
Well, we would like to obtain an upward trend like that.
And of course, we're not hoping to get a perfect prediction
of this spike because this is an irregularity.
It has nothing logical in the spike,
so the model is not supposed to predict the spike.
It is just supposed to capture the trend
and therefore have a curve that approximates
that pretty well and maybe going down a little bit
afterwards but we would like to see something like this.
Alright, so we will see that very quickly.
Let's go back to Python, here is Python,
the real Google stock price of January 17 is well imported.
Now we're gonna move on to the next step,
getting the predicted stock price of 2017.
And we're gonna do that in a new tutorial,
because this will be actually quite long.
It's actually about 10 lines of code.
So it's not that obvious and direct
as you will see in the next tutorial.
So I'll see you there and until then, enjoy deep learning.